#summary Hunspell4Eclipse news
#labels Featured


= New version out: 0.8.5 =

*june 08 2011.*

Feature "com.lorands.hunspell4eclipse.feature"
 * 0.8.5.qualifier

Plug-in "com.lorands.hunspell4eclipse"
 * 0.8.5.qualifier
 * Accepts english words in texts.
 * Adds a new preference flag
 * Adds checks in the preferences panel
 * Adopts the same architecture as that used by the JDT, using a CheckIterator based on the the IBM ICU BreakIterator. The CheckIterator enhances the BreakIterator to be able to distinguish the urls or the html tags, or the html entities.
 * Adds a test app and a file to validate the new  HunspellCheckIterator class

Plug-in "com.lorands.hunspell4eclipse.javaSpell"
 * 0.7.3.qualifier
 * Campaign of renaming. Starts the name of all the classes with the prefix "JavaHunspell"
 * Adds the class "JavaHunspellingProblem" to specialize the class "HunspellingProblem", to be able to deliver some "WordCorrectionProposals" in the response of the method "getProposals()". This allows the the jdt quickfixprocessor to add the proposals at the right place in the list of quickfix

 Plug-in "com.lorands.hunspell4eclipse.hunspelljna"
 * 1.1.15.qualifier
 * Cleans the cache of dictionnaries when the plug-in is stoped
 * Adds the url of the web site of Flemming in the "readme" file
 * Corrects some methods of the CTools class
 * Adds capabilities in the CPaltform class
 * Renames the class of the test application


= New version out: 0.8.4 =

*mai 16 2011.*

Feature "com.lorands.hunspell4eclipse.feature"
 * 0.8.4.qualifier

Plug-in "com.lorands.hunspell4eclipse"
 * 0.8.4.qualifier
 * Renames the activator
 * Adds a new preference parameter to limit the number of proposal
 * Enhances the abstract spell engine to be able to implement specific text splitter in each sub-classe.
 * Enhances the help pages.

Plug-in "com.lorands.hunspell4eclipse.javaSpell"
 * 0.7.2.qualifier
 * Renames the activator
 * Reuses the javadoc text splitter of the jdt plugin
 * Adds a QuickFixProcessor which returns a list of word correction proposals using the hunspell spelling engine

Plug-in "com.lorands.hunspell4eclipse.hunspelljna"
 * 1.1.14.qualifier
 * Renames the activator
 * Enhances and corrects internal tools (see classes CTools and CLog).
 
 
= New version out: 0.8.3 =

*mai 11 2011.*

Just released the beta version: 0.8.3 

The update site remains the same. (http://hunspell4eclipse.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/com.lorands.hunspell4eclipse.updatesite)

 * Includes the library JNA 3.2.7  (plug-in validated on Mac Os X1.6.7 64bits, Windows XP SP3 32bits and Ubuntu 10.04 LTS 64bits)
 * Corrects a bug in the method which build the native library name
 * Corrects the implementation of the rule "WWMixedCaseIgnored"  
 * Corrects the error which appears when the JDT editor try to instantiate the class associated to the extension point the "javaCompletionProposalComputer"
 * Changes the splitting method to use a BreakIterator

= New version out: 0.8.2 =

*Jan 16 2010.*

Just released a new beta version: 0.8.2 

Update site back to normal. (http://hunspell4eclipse.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/com.lorands.hunspell4eclipse.updatesite)


